Background
The reason of developing the .NET MAUI platform is due to high demand of existing users who had been developing with the Xamarin. Forms framework. After the release of new version of NET 8 it stars providing with singly handed framework where it can load with the huge workloads easily. The Food Ordering Application with the CRUD (Operations) involves with the development MVVM patterns with the View Mo Folder with the library of component model and Input.

Motivation:
The motivation behind to build food ordering system by the desire how full stack developers are being purely into the mobile development. The main motive to build the system by integrating the ASP.NET MAUI instead of XAMARIN to build the rich in user interface and how the ecommerce brand are built . By stimulating the food ordering system store which engage on learning the advance development, database and API integration. 


Features that are implemented in Mobile App (All the features included)
The features were creating own dev tunnels to stimulate the application either in android emulators or the physical device. Different component and library were implemented for different operating system especially to be compatible with the IOS system. Touch Gesture: The food ordering system provides features to tap the icons such as menu bar, Account, Cart, and Sign in Sign out options. The change password option with the grid row functionality provides an popup functionality to update their password with the validation. The change password is based on by calling the DTO to add new method to Api service where it verifies the old password and then can be updated. The Store cart option is provided where the food items can be stored locally on the device using MYSQL function. Another important feature is that the application has been implemented on Swagger UI API based on JWT Authentication for authorization. For instance, the user is responsible to enter by their email to the application where the user could be denied in signup option by using the same email to resign in in the application. The JWT Token is being coordinated with the Entity framework and SQL server. JWT is repeatedly generate with the security token for the data types and then converted into its string. On addition to its JWTBearer package was force to install to experience minimum with JWT Options. The Auth service file is responsible for handling the outliers and sign in and sign out options. Data Transfer Object was created to exchanges the resources like fetching between API and mobile appRefit Http method is deployed to connect with the External API. The application consists of popup page, flyout page by implementing with the vertical and stack layout. The Custom UI is implemented for different interface.  The activity indicator running property is being used as variable which was “Is Busy”. The Routes has been implemented in most of the pages. In the flout section it consists of sign out options where the users can sign out immediately after prompting on it. The MVMM architecture was implemented to provide a ViewMO folder. The MVMM was implemented to separate the user logic interface and the business logic interface where it exchanges the functionality that is to be required. The Hot load features is implemented to see the application live. The application involves Entities folder to build the tables for every possibility property related to the system between the users and orders. Validation parameters and configuration was issuer was obtained from the token service thus to get it rid from the security concerns. The password is converted salt hash mechanism from the security system security Cryptography which was first set to 10 bytes then converted base64. Tabbar and the Cart Page is usually for navigating from one interface to another and perform functionality. (Wilson, 2022). The cart contains with the confirmation message if the user tried to implement the place order if the inventory is absent. The tab bar with the account management provides the users to create their profile account and also make an available feature to change their password by entering the old password. Integrating SQL Lite: The app involves SQL lite database creation with private field SQL Connection to all the features that I had described it above. To integrate with the database the database service method is also being used. DTO folder is responsible to maintain to retrieve the information of each data parameters. Later I will describe it in video. API Endpoints is used to add from the Api components that is to update, create and modify the Api Services.  
